annot: Add the meat to a bowl
ACTID: 0
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the meat (-1)
[PP, location, to] a bowl (-1)
annot: Add garlic salt, sugar, sesame oil, and sauce to the meat
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] garlic salt (-1), sugar (-1), sesame oil (-1), sauce (-1)
[PP, food, to] the meat (0)
annot: Add cabbage, green onion, and carrots to the bowl
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] cabbage (-1), green onion (-1), carrots (-1)
[PP, food, to] the bowl (1)
annot: Add an egg
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] an egg (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: mix the filling together
ACTID: 4
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the filling (3)
annot: mix sugar and water together in a pan
ACTID: 5
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] sugar (-1), water (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: Add vinegar, garlic, and fish sauce to the pan
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] vinegar (-1), garlic (-1), fish sauce (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (5)
annot: Place the filling in the center of the wrapper
ACTID: 7
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the filling (4)
[PP, food, in] the center of the wrapper (-1)
annot: seal the edges of the dumpling
ACTID: 8
PRED: seal
[DOBJ, food] the edges of the dumpling (7)
annot: heat oil in a pan
ACTID: 9
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: Fry the pot stickers in the pan
ACTID: 10
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the pot stickers (8)
[PP, food, in] the pan (9)
annot: Pour water into the pan
ACTID: 11
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] water (-1)
[PP, food, into] the pan (10)
annot: cover with a lid
ACTID: 12
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] (11)
[PP, location, with] a lid (-1)